Module  : Quick Reply
Version : 1.0.6
Author  : Maurice Makaay <maurice@phorum.org>

This module implements a quick reply feature. Authenticated users can click
on "Quick Reply" in a message, which will bring up a very basic message
editor without any special features (editor tool buttons, attachments,
posting options, etc.) This editor can be used for quickly leaving a reply
in a thread.

To answer the obvious question: No, this module does not support quick reply
for anonymous users. The main reason for this is that the quick reply editor
interface should be kept as simple as possible. In my opinion, adding support
for anonymous users would add too much clutter to the editor, since it
would require:

- adding a field for the author name;
- adding a field for the author's mail address;
- adding some CAPTCHA to prevent automatic message posts by spam bots.

Additionally, I think that the quick reply feature is a nice feature to
offer to users as a bonus for taking the step of registering their account.


Installation instructions:
--------------------------

- Unpack the archive;

- Move the directory "quick_reply" to the directory "mods"
  within your Phorum installation;

- Login as administrator in Phorum's administrative interface and
  go to the "Modules" section;

- Enable the module "Quick Reply".


Spam Hurdles and Quick Reply:
-----------------------------

Note that this module tweaks a few settings for the Spam Hurdles module,
to make the modules work together. This is only done for registered users.

- CAPTCHA for posting is disabled, because it clutters the interface a lot.

- "Block message forms that are submitted too quickly" is disabled.
  This module does of course not play well with a check that tries to block
  messages that are posted too quickly. I do want to enable this feature
  at a later stage, by making sure that the post button is disabled as long
  as the Spam Hurdles module would still reject the message (just like
  Spam Hurdles does with the post button of the standard posting form).

- "Let the browser sign the message using JavaScript" is disabled.
  It should be possible to make this check work, but it would require some
  changes to the Spam Hurdles module. Therefore, this check is disabled
  for now.

Tweaking these settings should not be a big issue, since the biggest thread
for automated bot posts is coming from anonymous and not from registered users.

